daring madman
The imperial staff is here
Why don't you kneel down?
Do you want to rebel?
Minister Benlong King is proud of the world
Always only kneel in heaven and earth
I'm afraid you can't take my bow
Hahahaha
You can't even stand the Great Elder
Dare to impersonate the Dragon King
Zhao Wuji Xiao Tianshi is the Supreme of Great Xia
You dare to let him worship you and be angry with God
I'm afraid you won't be able to withstand this curse
Even the scourge is involved in the scourge
Why didn't you punish me?
We are still alive and well
Come on, break this kid's leg for me
Let this kid kneel in front of me for the rest of his life
I'd rather take a look at this scourge
What's wrong with me?
No need for the dead
You insist on making me kneel
Fear of damnation
Then I'll send you sick
Grandpa
I told you so. He can't afford a bow
It's Lord Scourge Dragon King, please get up
Lord Dragon King, please get up
Get up
Lord Dragon King pardons his sins
Today's events are all persecuted by Zhao Wuji
Isn't it unintentional?
Hey everyone
He's not the Dragon King at all
What about just now?
Just happened to hit a lightning bolt
This imperial staff is handed down from generation to generation
Research decline was diagnosed by thunder
It has nothing to do with this kid
Didn't you promise to send me soldiers?
Am I not alive and well now?